---
title: CLiQQ PAY POS Integration
description: "This is the API that MUST be implemented by E-Money Issuers for acceptance at 7-Eleven Stores."
date: "2017-04-10T16:43:08+01:00"
draft: false
toc: false
bref: "This is the API that MUST be implemented by E-Money Issuers for  acceptance at 7-Eleven stores"
---

### Use Case

A customer wants to pay for purchases at 7-Eleven using a mobile app. A barcode is generated by the app and presented to the cashier at the counter for payment. This barcode, together with the amount due will be sent by the POS to the E-Money issuer's host for processing. If accepted, the issuer will deduct the balance and return success so payment checkout is completed.

### Technical Notes

* Barcode must be numeric and rendered in Code-128-C format with 16-24 digits
* Barcode format is `[partnerID(2)]` + `[paymentCode(14-22)]` where:
  * partnerID: code assigned to the issuer. Note partner IDs that are already reserved below.
  * paymentCode: is a unique code tied to a user's account preferably with a short-lived time-based token to ensure the barcode is only valid within a limited time window
* A mobileNumber is expected to be returned in the response for Philippine accounts in E.164 format without the + prefix (e.g. 639xxxxxxxxx). See API documentation for more details.
* Device screen brightness must be set to maximum for best scanner readability.
* The barcode will be transmitted to your host server for processing.
* API must respond within 8 seconds or be timed out. See API for more details on exception handling.

### Partner ID

* 10-15 - Reserved
* 25-30 - Reserved
* 81 - Reserved
* 90-99 - Reserved

<a href="https://pospay.cliqq.net/" class="button">View API</a>

<a href="https://goo.gl/forms/WYSMbwYWUOLUqslQ2" class="button">Request for Access to Test Environment</a>
